Q1. How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
A. It helps in pin pointing the exact differences in code so we dont have to go through entire file
 to compare for ourselves.

Q2. How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer
 in the long term?
A. Having easier access to the entire history of a file simply gives us the opportunity to go back in
 time and see the particular code lines that we might have used before but changed to for some reason.
  This will simplify the needs to keep backup of everything in case something goes wrong. And in case 
  anything did go wrong we can go back to the previous version that was working perfectly fine which 
  makes it very efficient in the long term.

Q3. What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do 
in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
A. Pros : 1. Free to choose whenever. 2. Maintainence is manual      Con: 1. One might do too
frequently or might not do at all. 2. One cant tell on his own if he's doing the right way.

Q4. Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit,
 while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
A. Because version control systems like Git keep in mind that all the files that are in one repository
are connected to each other. Just changing one file alone might make no sense in the doing part unless 
all the files linked to it are also changed accordingly.

Q5. How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
A. git log can be used to view all the commits made into the repo. Remember it'll only show as much
space it has, press down to view older commits then press q to quit the log.
git diff can be used to find the the changes in lines made in the commit. To find out the changes of 
one commit use the commit id of that commit and the commit previous to that one for eg
git diff 234kjsdjfo2i34 456ljkldflksfoie

Q6. How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
A. By using version control we know that if we make any mistakes we can quickly go back and find out 
in which commit something went wrong with the use of git log. This will make us confident to make changes
even if they feel a little riskier.

Q7. Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
A. I want to use Git for building my website that i was already working on.